Multi cell database/mq adoption (#746)
openstack-k8s-operators/data-plane-adoption: docs_user/modules/proc_stopping-openstack-services.adoc

CONTROLLER1_SSH="ssh -i ~/install_yamls/out/edpm/ansibleee-ssh-key-id_rsa root@192.168.122.100"
endif::[]
ifeval::["{build}" == "downstream"]
CONTROLLER1_SSH="ssh -i *<path to SSH key>* root@*<controller-1 IP>*" <1>
CONTROLLER2_SSH="ssh -i *<path to SSH key>* root@*<controller-2 IP>*"
CONTROLLER3_SSH="ssh -i *<path to SSH key>* root@*<controller-3 IP>*"
endif::[]
----

> * Specify the IP addresses of all Controllers, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Specify the IP addresses of all Controller nodes, for example:
```

> * Specify IP addresses of all controllers, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Specify the IP addresses of all Controllers, for example:
```

> * For a multi-cell deployment, specify the overcloud and cell controllers IPs instead, for example:

Author: @jistr I should move this to the remaining services adoption

+
[subs=+quotes]
----
ifeval::["{build}" != "downstream"]
CONTROLLER1_SSH="ssh -i ~/install_yamls/out/edpm/ansibleee-ssh-key-id_rsa root@192.168.122.103"
CONTROLLER2_SSH="ssh -i ~/install_yamls/out/edpm/ansibleee-ssh-key-id_rsa root@192.168.122.106"
CONTROLLER3_SSH="ssh -i ~/install_yamls/out/edpm/ansibleee-ssh-key-id_rsa root@192.168.122.109"
endif::[]
ifeval::["{build}" == "downstream"]
CONTROLLER1_SSH="ssh -i *<path to SSH key>* root@*<controller-1 IP>*" <2>
CONTROLLER2_SSH="ssh -i *<path to SSH key>* root@*<controller-2 IP>*"
CONTROLLER3_SSH="ssh -i *<path to SSH key>* root@*<node3 IP>*"
# ...
endif::[]
----
ifeval::["{build}" == "downstream"]
<1> Replace `<path_to_SSH_key>` with the path to your SSH key.

> <2> Replace `<controller-X IP>` with IP addresses of all controllers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> Replace `<controller-1 IP>` with the IP addresses of all Controllers.
```
The value to replace here should match the line of code.

Author: In code there is
```
ifeval::["{build}" == "downstream"]
CONTROLLER1_SSH="ssh -i *<path to SSH key>* root@*<controller-1 IP>*" <2>
CONTROLLER2_SSH="ssh -i *<path to SSH key>* root@*<controller-2 IP>*"
CONTROLLER3_SSH="ssh -i *<path to SSH key>* root@*<node3 IP>*"
# ...
endif::[]
```
isn't that matches to <controller-X IP>?

Author: @klgill sorry, I meant *this* renders OK for me

Reviewer: Ah, I see. You used <controller-x-IP> as a "catch-all" for each value.
Typically, our style is to list each env var. But you could probably simplify it by using only one bullet point, for example:

* Replace <controller-1 IP>, <controller-2 IP>, and <node3 IP> with the IP addresses of each Controller node.

> <2> Replace `<controller-<X> IP>` with IP addresses of all Controllers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> Replace `<controller-<X> IP>` with IP addresses of all Controller nodes.
```
